README.md, before:

# Text Line Joiner

A modern React application that joins broken lines of text while preserving paragraph breaks.

> https://line-handler-pi.vercel.app/

## How to set up the development environment?
- Make the *setup-repo.sh* script executable: `chmod 744 setup-repo.sh`
- Run the *setup-repo.sh* script: `./setup-repo.sh`
- You're ready to go! Run `npm start` if you're interested in Text Line Joiner :)

## Features
- Join broken lines of text while preserving paragraph structure
- Clean, modern user interface
- Dark mode support
- Responsive design
- Easy to use

## How It Works
The app uses a regular expression to identify line breaks within paragraphs and replaces them with spaces, while preserving actual paragraph breaks (double line breaks).

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`
**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More
You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

chore: do not trigger the deployment when there is change in files or in the .gitignore file, and improve the README.md file

README.md, after:

# Text Line Joiner

A modern React application that joins broken lines of text while preserving paragraph breaks.

🔗 **Live Demo:** https://berkturetken.github.io/line-handler/

## How to set up the development environment?
- Make the *setup-repo.sh* script executable: `chmod 744 setup-repo.sh`
- Run the *setup-repo.sh* script: `./setup-repo.sh`
- You're ready to go! Run `npm start` if you're interested in Text Line Joiner :)

## Features
- Join broken lines of text while preserving paragraph structure
- Clean, modern user interface
- Dark mode support
- Responsive design
- Easy to use

## How It Works
The app uses a regular expression to identify line breaks within paragraphs and replaces them with spaces, while preserving actual paragraph breaks (double line breaks).

## Deployment

This project is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions:
- **Production deployments** trigger automatically on every push to the `main` branch
- **Manual deployments** can be triggered via the Actions tab in GitHub

### Deployment Setup
1. Push changes to the `main` branch
2. GitHub Actions workflow automatically builds and deploys to GitHub Pages
3. Site is live at https://berkturetken.github.io/line-handler/

### First-time Setup
If setting up GitHub Pages for the first time:
1. Go to repository **Settings** → **Pages**
2. Under "Build and deployment", set **Source** to "GitHub Actions"
3. Save and push to `main` to trigger deployment

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`
**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More
You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### `npm run build` fails to minify
This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

## Learn More About CRA

For more information about Create React App features:
- [Code Splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)
- [Analyzing Bundle Size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)
- [Making a Progressive Web App](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)
- [Advanced Configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)
- [Deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)
